Date: November 01, 2021
Group 23 Mentor Meeting
Attendance:
- Christopher
- Nhi
- David,
- Kevin
- Felix
- Flynn
- Amitesh
- Them
- Karin - RVSPed that she wouldn't be able to make it

Location: Zoom/CSE Room 3217
Meeting Time: 12PM-1PM

## Todos 
- [ ] Research the different APIs we could use and what we need from them
- [ ] Set up a way (google forms) to inform Hema about each team member's progress
- [ ] Before we start coding, discuss and set up coding and style guidelines and each member's roles
- [ ] Discuss how we want to implement the edit feature(if needed)
- [ ] Review our roadmap and features and see how we want to divide it up over the sprint

## What we discussed with Hema
- User stories: added some more with more detail
- Project roadmap: made it more specific and prioritized features
  - 1st sprint is looking ambitious
  - 2nd sprint is more lenient
  - maybe rebalance what we plan to do in each sprint?
- Why we planned to use local storage
  - Target demographic are students with beginner to intermediate level cooking ability so will not really upload their own recipes
  - To address issues of using across devices: user can share the recipe via email
- APIs: need to research what we need and how to use them
- Additional features
  - Timer
  - Tap mode
  - unit conversion/metrics

## Feedback from Hema
- set up github board
  - [Github board link](https://github.com/cse110-fa21-group23/cse110-fa21-group23/projects/2)
- possibly try to meet 2x a week and do peer programming
- maybe use google cloud storage instead of local storage?