# Sprint Retrospective Meeting Minutes 11/17/2021

## Attendance
* Amitesh
* Nhi
* David
* Karina
* Kevin
* Flynn
* Suditi
* Christopher
* Them

## What Did We Do Well?
* Divided up tasks nicely so that everyone can do a part of the project.
* Checked through pull requests and suggested code changes accordingly to the rules we set.
* There was good communication over Slack.
* Stuck to code style guidelines.

## What Needs To Be Improved?
* There still are some bugs in the code.
* Need a name for our app.
* Need more information on ADRs.

## What Are We Mad About?
* The API has a limit to the amount of calls.

## What Are We Glad About?
* Labs were helpful with working on the project.
* Teammates were active and response to the PRs.
* Lab 10 is optional, more time to work on the project.

## What Are We Sad About?
* We only have two weeks left and we have many more things we wanted to implement but cannot do due to time constraints.

## About The Next Sprint
* We can keep our progress going forward and continue working on the additional features of our application.
* What we can do better for the next sprint is to try to complete code in a more effcient way and prepare enough documentation so that we don't get lost.
* We will be trying our best to make our recipe app unique and have eomugh of the features that we originally planned on implementing.

![Sprint 1 Retrospective](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47440034/142575456-355adb1e-1a83-4239-973c-460056ea743e.jpg)

