# 11/22/2021 Weekly Wednesday Meeting

## Attendance
* Amitesh (let us know he wouldn't be able to make it)
* David
* Karina
* Nhi
* Them
* Kevin
* Christopher
* Flynn
* Felix

## Meeting Minutes

*	Current demo show: Router complete, new setting feature, cookbook
*	Suggestions from Hema:
    *	Make it more user-friendly
        *   Vertical screw on the right side of the page makes the user think more content
        *   No quantity for recipes, only ingredients shown (Quantity solved on Them’s branch), display format can be improved more
        *   Bring to the middle of the page for now instead of the top when clicking a recipe, hope to stay on the top every time
        *   Left sidebar can show all the time so that user doesn’t need to click everytime
*   Check for next sprint
    *   Search Bar design discussion
    *   Need to decide how to implement tags based on Nhi's design
*   Due next Monday
    *   Agile - Retrospective
    *   CI/CD Pipeline
    *   Sprint Review
    *   ADR supplement, more logistic documents
