# Sprint 2 Retrospective Meeting Minutes 12/01/2021

## Attendance
* Amitesh
* Nhi
* Karina
* David
* Kevin
* Suditi
* Christopher
* Them
* Felix

 ## What Did We Do Well?
 * As before, we divided all remaining tasks nicely.
 * We communicated well with bugs that we discovered and problems that we faced.
 * We followed the guidelines we set for ourselves very well, like posting PRs on Slack.
 * We were able to plan out the rest of our Sprint 2 nicely.

## What Are We Mad About?
* We are still mad about the API limit.

## What Are We Glad About?
* Labs were helpful with working on the project.
* Teammates were active as usual with completing tasks and posting PRs.

## What Are We Sad About?
* There are some features we had to skip adding in due to time and other factors.

## About The Remaining Week
* We will finish up the remaining tasks we have and squash any of the bugs we found.
* Work on the project videos we need to make.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/47440034/144514670-dfd23c38-d476-48bc-8a62-ae6a729403f9.png)
