# Weekly Wednesday Meeting; 5pm-6pm 1st Of December 2021
### Attendance:  
- Amitesh
- Christopher Kroon
- David Suzuki
- Karina Sanchez
- Kevin Lee
- Knee
- Suditi
- Them Dang
- Tiancheng Ma(Felix)
### Discussed Points:  
- Scaling might not be feasible
- Tags showing up only after searches
- Since API can only use one diet either override user settings or don't show diets on filters, just in settings
- Website Name Ideas: Quick and Simple, Hestia, Dionysus
- The group can work on cookbooks, bugs, filters and tags
- Put JS docs comments on functions; document This VS code extension can help with that
- Kevin can do unit conversion, the review, and retrospective
- API keys should be hidden now
- Knee can help out with CSS, but might be busy
- Make public video look like a twitch stream
    - Lots of views
    - Have a chat
    - Face cam, can use Homer Dionysus as face cam
- Knee can edit it video
- Discuss video more on slack